Okay, now let's show some r
code that's going to get run.
Okay, so, one two three,
single quotation marks, okay.
We want it to be r code, okay.
And then notice,
it does some nice highlighting to let you
know that you're actually in some r code.
And then, let's do head(mtcars).
just showing the head
of the dataset mtcars.
You can actually run it here in rStudio
and it will show you down here.
The code being run in the environment
that you have right now
in your interactive r prompt.
But then, you won't actually
run the the whole document.
It's control shift k and
there's my new slide.
Okay, so lets play around with
our options a little bit.
I;ve deleted aa couple of
the rest of the slides just, so
we can just play with this little
extremely simple code example, right here.
So i didn't like when,
let me just show it to you again.
When it put this out,
one thing I didn't like- There we go.
I didn't like these comment characters
in front of the output, okay.
So let me just try comment equals and
then,
you can put whatever character you want.
But I want nothing, so
why don't I try that.
See how that looks.
Great, okay and then now,
it looks to a little bit better.
I didn't want that comic character there,
so let's see some other things.
So notice by default,
the knitr options were echo equals false.
So, it didn't show you what code it ran.
It just showed you
the output from the code.
And by the way when you're typing in
your knitr options, it has a bunch.
You can see once you put a comment and
start to type them,
you can see them there.
So if I were for example,
to put echo equals true and then,
redo the presentation, okay so
then, you see head MTcars.
it's actually repeating the code
that I used to generate the output.
So down here is the out put and here's
the code by default in that near option.
Set up just from the auto
completing of the template
that I was using to create these slides.
It set that option but by default
you don't have to have that option.
I could equivalently,
another thing I could have done would
have been exactly the same thing.
Is just gotten rid of this set of
Knitr options at the beginning.
Okay, and then now,
I don't have to say echo is equals true,
because echo equals true
is the default option.
Unless you overwrite it, so there now,
it's automatically sending the code.
Sometimes might just want the code but
not having run it, so,
if I type eval = FALSE, okay.
There's just the code, but
it hasn't been evaluated, okay.
And then you can just put
in a comma here and then,
start to look at all
the different options.
They're all the same options or
it is knitr.
So, it's the same options as
in In any nknitr document but
a lot of these are for figures which
we're going to cover here in a minute.
Okay?
All right, so go ahead and try and
create a slide with some r
code that isn't evaluated.
Some slide with some r
code that is evaluated.
Try and play around.
Make sure you can set
the comment character.
And then, just play around with
some of the Knitr options.
And next, we'll move on to doing
some figures and some other things.